hey everybody welcome back it's time for
the suicide King challenge this is one
mmm pardon me that I think we messed up
last time as well by taking like Loki's
horns or something
there's our seed the seed is irrelevant
more or less what does this come down to
my friends well it's that hey everything
is gonna be fine fine fine as you
probably have noticed sound a lot better
today I'm over my illness wouldn't you
say uh joke's on you that recorded this
just after the last one haha that's what
we in the industry call to acting either
way weirdly enough oh come on it worked
and it worked out way better than I ever
could have expected weirdly enough
though I do think I feel better I took
some more buckley's and I will I will
always go to bat for Buckley's I don't
believe in a lot of like pseudo medicine
and I'm not talking about pseudo fed
here I'm talking about you know
medicines that are of dubious scientific
origin however there's something about
Buckley's a cough syrup that's been
around for like literally 300 years and
is made out of like you know rotten tree
gum that it just it gets if it's so
placebo effect and so be it but more
power to you like I gotta be honest that
whatever they got in the Buckley's
formula it clears you right out come
wouldn't you say Tomo I actually I'm
gonna go check here give me I've never
looked at the Wikipedia article on
Buckley's if you're not from Canada this
is probably something that you're not
familiar with but I'll you know explain
it to you here wk Buckley is a Canadian
corporation founded in 1919 and
manufactures medicine for health
problems such as the common cold they're
located in Mississauga Ontario Novartis
the Swiss based conglomerate with 2005
sales of thirty two billion purchased
ownership of the Buckley's brand and
formulas oh you dang Swiss wasn't enough
that you had Roger Federer you had to
take Buckley's as well noted for its
strongly unpleasant taste its
ingredients include ammonium carbonate
potassium bicarbonate camphor menthol
Canadian balsam pine needle oil and a
tincture of capsicum it doesn't just
sound like something that's sold off of
the back of a wagon in like the Wild
West era a tincture of capsicum I don't
even know what it thinks sure is it's it
is that not like you use an eyedropper
and submerge it in a solution of water
or so that again oh dude problem solved
I'm choosing every child it's my second
attempt I will choose every challenge oh
we're in the money now our damage is way
worse but our rate of fire increased
proportionally as a result as well so
actually feel like we're in an OK spot
here we have seven damage our shots are
weird because they kind of wobble but
they don't fall down is the idea so I
think we probably just picked up another
fairly easy w here and I'm excited you
can't trust medicine that came from like
the the early 20th century or earlier
well you can trust some of it I guess
like you know penicillin that makes
sense but was worried about like cough
syrups that were invented when you could
still buy like heroin over the counter
in a pharmacy they were like just don't
get addicted to it it's not that hard
you know for some reason those
Mississauga's in 1919 i don't want to
know what their kitchen smelled like
when they were cooking it up because
this is i am look i mean some foul
tasting things in my life
Buckley's is possibly it's up there is
what i'll say no one is ever like i like
the taste of it some people will even
you know they they'll eat a lemon and be
like i like it
but really they're just trying to be you
know
the cool weird person without realizing
they're just the weird weird person
anything that gives us HP here is like
10 out of 10 wait where is our extra
life is from Lazarus okay but no one's
even Buckley's for recreation you know
that's like the juice ain't worth the
squeeze
I think hangman doesn't do enough for us
I'm gonna blow these up just because I
want to get uh if possible more red
hearts nothing huh okay so let's blow
one up that was so stupid I'm still sort
of okay with this because we do have we
do have Lazarus rags after this but it's
it's not necessarily ideal I'll level
with you on that one
we probably shouldn't have used a was
doesn't matter maybe it doesn't matter
so I was thinking like a was will it
can't give us a black mark because we
already got a crawlspace there so we
might have been better off just ignoring
that but either way I probably just
shouldn't overthink it sooo hard because
we're actually in a very very very good
spot and I'm gonna make a play that is
probably ill-advised especially now that
we actually got hit twice in the process
there but that's to go in there grab
that black card in the process of doing
so will slightly ruin our deal with the
devil chance but this floor is not
expected to have a good chance anyway
and then by another spirit heart so yeah
I think I made some plays that were
suboptimal there but we also got a
pretty suboptimal deal with the devil to
begin with so I'll take some
responsibility but I'm not gonna burn
myself up too much there it's not like
we had brimstone mom's knife and we you
know took neither and somehow lost HP
didn't any respect we still were trying
to make something work there but with
three demon judgments and no way to
regenerate our HP is little dicey kind
of like like three demon judgments is is
a really good deal with the devil
if you already have precedent and you
have a lot of HP which is if you're
running the math and you're
a situation that doesn't come up all
that often cuz if you have precedent you
probably spent for it which means you're
less likely to have HP to begin with but
I digress we could beat the odds we got
about a one in nine chance of getting a
deal with the devil you know give me
those odds in the Powerball lottery any
day of the week at all I'll be a happy
camper but one in nine and Isaac is not
necessarily a great vote of confidence
either way I think we're in a pretty
good spot plus I just got to point out
we got an A was writ on this challenge
which we unlocked for completing head
trauma we did get a deal we also got a
tears upgrade and some HP both of which
are valuable okay we got a lot of HP
like a lot a lot of HP and we will as a
apologies for my incredible James Joyce
E and verbosity a lot a lot of HP but
you know look I'm not writing Ulysses
I'm writing a symphony of Bopha right
now both of what both of these popping
out of mo buddy's not popping out of
mobile T's obviously
kill this angel statue take your key
piece try to make the run slightly
weirder because we did choose our way
and I don't feel guilty about it coz we
did you know do things the old-fashioned
way last time and sort of screwed it up
but try to get deals with the angel to
make the run a little bit more
interesting perhaps this one is a little
bit on the longer side it goes all the
way to all the way to the Cathedral no
guppy items technology guppy I that's
one of the ones where I'm like is that
amazing or horrible most of the time
when I say that I have an idea of which
direction I'm leaning on this one I tone
actually I think it might be awesome but
I could also easily be mistaken but for
now you know it's basically just a good
Isaac run it would be better if our
shots didn't Bend all the time but can
can you help me I'm bent I'm so scared
that I'll never be put back together
keep breaking me in I can't remember if
someone's gotta talk to Rob Thomas and
see if he understands the dictionary
definition of bent if you're bent you're
not broken necessarily although they
probably have a high coincidence but
you're so scared that you'll never be
put back together just heat that bad boy
up and then bend it you can bend a spoon
back yourself I don't know if you could
Bend like you know your car's chassis or
something like that maybe if you were
wicked strong I'm not saying you're not
Rob Thomas you know you seem like an
able-bodied relatively young adult is
not a young adult a relatively young man
40 is relatively young cuz honestly I
don't about you guys I'm planning to
lift like 200 so 40 is like a fifth of
the way through your life 200 and then
I'm like well yeah exercise the option
at that point see if maybe I want to
sign on for like another three or four
years get like kind of a bow or a desk
bridge deal if possible
yeah first let's talk about Buckley's
then let's talk about beau Horvath
canucks recently signed first and/or
second line center
relatively unknown outside of his target
market sort of maybe I don't know these
we're pinning all our hopes and dreams
on him though we got the mom
transformation mom transformation is
worth very very little I will spend a
key to come in here in the hopes of
getting a spirit heart which did not pan
out you know it would be like a 10 out
of 10 pick up see if you can guess from
the classic northernlion sweet of you
know items that are obviously good and
then for some reason I have this
revelation that's like oh good item
would be great here is it Polyphemus
sure that would fit but it's not the one
I was thinking of specifically is it
brimstone her mom's knife in this case
actually no although you know I'm not
gonna kick it out of bed for eating
crackers uh
it is homing tears because we are
missing a lot of our shots due to our
shots bending strangely thanks to what I
assume is my reflection here so when
will my reflections go screw itself
outside yeah yeah look I'm no aguilera
okay I'm I consider myself more of a
Bernie Taupin you know in a songwriter
singer relationship
I'm not Elton John playing to you know a
hundred and fifty thousand screaming
fans standing room only at Dodger
Stadium I'm the guy in the background
trying to figure out a rhyme for Rocket
Man it's gonna be a long long time
keep moving we're doing extremely well
like this is caves - Otto steps one oh
my god we're like way way way ahead of
schedule and we just got more options
which I realized makes me a fool because
we spent fifteen cents on an item that
actually can't benefit else but rather
than think of myself as an idiot for
this I'm gonna think of myself as a
genius because it's a good habit to
purchase more options most of the time
it's just that we don't have item rooms
in this specific situation so you know
what at least this shows that I'm not
letting spending a lot of time doing
these challenges get in my head and
start to make me play worse from a
fundamental standpoint that's the idea
anyway that's the hope and dream whether
or not it works out I mean we'll see
when we complete these challenges but as
for right now it does seem like we're
gonna get through this challenge without
much trouble
Trinity Shield is okay I'm Way more
happy about the tears upgrade but
Trinity shield the big negative not
maternity shield but with that room in
general is that um we didn't have the
opportunity to actually fight the deal
with the devil or deal with the angel I
should say and get another key piece but
so be it
it is a weird situation where we're like
offensively stacked defensively stacked
and we have a lot of HP hello Tomo
welcome back what's the I don't get it
buddy you got a Meowth for me
Tomoe Tomoe I knew it I knew I could get
it you're so much more social than you
used to be buddy
sometimes that's a good thing sometimes
it's a bad thing but it's cute
nonetheless as long as you don't step on
my recording hotkey I'm a happy camper
here I don't think we care about sack
lunch we definitely don't care about
amnesia that's just like a garbage pail
in the best of times and the worst of
times
hey buddy I'd really like you to stop
scratching the wall we're still renters
in this place if you could avoid I mean
look we've lived here for a while
there's gonna be wear and tear but it's
gonna be hard to explain to the landlord
why there's scratches on the wall
best case scenario feline mishap worst
case scenario
police are gonna be involved dumb oh no
meows all right everybody at home you
gotta say it to Tomoe Tomoe Tomoe great
episode so far within the first five
minutes I was looking at Wikipedia now
I'm uh yelling at my cat as he tries to
get behind the computer well what's your
problem then
once a day the cat just goes crazy man
Ruka just sleeps I don't understand why
you got a you got to rock the boat so
much in theory the tower card could be
better if we somehow gained the ability
to use it or to not get hurt by bombs
ourselves we can be lucky but in all
likelihood not gonna be too big of a
value for us in the positive or the
negative direction dad oh you know what
we can actually use it to pop that open
and I feel a little bit better about the
situation I'm probably not gonna do boss
rush here by the way case that's not
abundantly clear unless we can get a
teleport car
the Sun is not a teleport card just as
the past is a grotesque animal dude did
you guys see there's a new LCD
soundsystem album out I'm not trying to
make this about musical tastes
necessarily but he did the guided by
voices thing where he retired and was
like this is the last show ever and then
like a couple years later came back
maybe I should start to think about
doing that myself you know this is the
last Isaac video ever
three years later senorita I'm kidding
I'm stoked though I did like that could
be the album that I listened to this
year
I mean mom's bottle of pills is
basically trashed so let's try to make
the coupon work here we've got a retro
vision pill for free sick we should have
saved this actually because we could
have gotten a free deal with the devil
item not that that matters too much
right now but it's mostly appropriate
for me because I had that dream like
three months ago where James Murphy
threatened to sue me I want to point out
this is a dream it did not happen in
real life but I had a very strange dream
where the lead singer of LCD soundsystem
was being quite rude to me and
threatening to sue me and take my house
away and I was like you don't have any
grounds to sue me and he's like I know
but I'm still gonna sue you and take
your house and I was like James Murphy
that's very rude I know you're you know
from an older generation but I kind of
thought you were on the side of the
Millennials with the you know
introspective dance music heroes it was
a good fit but I have no reason to
believe James Murphy is a jerk dreams
James dream James Murphy was kind of a
being a little bit unfriendly to me but
you know I can't make him apologize for
something he did in a dream that's
unreasonable these items are okay but
none of them are good enough to be like
20 out of 10 excited so instead we're
just gonna move on we've only got three
more floors left technically
and really I should just be happy I mean
I shouldn't I shouldn't cuz like on the
one hand I'm like technology's giving us
an easy run here but it has made it
harder to kill enemies as much as that
might seem ridiculous because we're like
almost incapable of aiming with epic AK
to begin with it has made it harder to
kill enemies just in that one hit
doesn't crush them anymore
now our rate of fire is really good and
the damage that we're doing is really
good
the fact that epic AK gives us like
inherited poison shots here is really
nice as well however I'm a little bit
missing the extra damage but I should
point out it's more like I recognize
that it's nostalgia for a long gone time
here and at that time wasn't that good
to begin with when you consider the fact
that we were having a just a nightmare
of a time killing enemies I don't even
what it might seem like this is a
guaranteed run right now I'm staying
away from that possibility because I
think it only holds pain for me to go
down that road of thinking that I'm
guaranteed to win so I'm not even gonna
open that golden chest and fight the
enemies it's the same reason I'm not
using the Sun card yet if we get up to
the Cathedral I'll consider using the
Sun card even without needing it for
full HP but for now I'm not sure that
the that's the most prudent use of our
time and because this is our second
run-through that's why I find myself a
little bit more concerned you know what
this is where you just go through the
the door here you know if it was first
to run through sure let's get weird with
it okay mama let's get weird not this
time though this time it's it's about
getting stuff done I'm out for blood
shouldn't have taken that damage that's
okay we got an HP upgrade which is not
very good we are going to fight the
angel statue and this will give us a
chance to fight mega Satan although
there's no way for us to get to the mega
Satan doors so I wouldn't sweat that too
much but what's this the wafer great
item extremely good item all right let
me coffee up as we head down one more
floor here can it be mixed with the with
Buckley's that's something I should
check actually many cough medicines
including Buckley's have become popular
as recreational drugs in recent years
kids don't do this that's not necessary
just wait until April 2018 due to the
dissociative properties of
dextromethorphan dextromethorphan that
can't conceivably be the way you
pronounce that high doses of cough
medication can be used to produce an
intoxication that is stupid don't do
that
there dude this is how you know you've
made a good medicine I'm still reading
the Wikipedia article only some of
Buckley's formulations contain
dextromethorphan the original without
the XM may be purchased however
recreational use of Buckley's is
uncommon due to the deterrent effects of
its taste they've actually made a cough
medicine so horrible that it is unlikely
to be abused as a result of the taste
maybe that's how the war on drugs should
actually go you know I know this is a
controversial subject and probably
ignorant because I have no knowledge of
like you know opiates or well really
anything on planet earth if I'm being
honest but what if you just made all
drugs legal but they all tasted like
Buckley's if you smoke it the smoke
tastes like aerosolized Buckley's if you
eat it tastes like Buckley's drink it
tastes like Buckley's that one's easy
we already got it
all you got to do is put some Canadian
balsam in there dad dad dad an antenna
Canadian balsam tastes hideously
Canadian balsam an active ingredient in
Buckley's I'm sorry Telmo and I'm sorry
viewers cuz like my voice is not good at
the best of time
but this is not the best of times it's
bad today but no coughing fits over the
course of this episode and you know what
they say if the coughing fits you must
acquits don't hurt me no more uh we
probably will not get a deal with the
devil chance here but in the end it
probably isn't a big deal here every
time we get hit it takes a half sphere
and hard we got the wafer to compensate
and every spirit heart counts for two
hits as a result it's kind of a
roundabout way to phrase that but you
get the idea all we need to do is
essentially get to the Isaac fight we
get to the Isaac fight with like a
decent amount of HP we're totally set
the like superior outcome for us here
would be to get I also felt my Canadian
accent coming through there but the
superior outcome you know be if got out
of Tim Hortons again a freaking
double-double settle it on the rink you
know a beer league doesn't have NHL
rules catch a little bit of blood on a
high stick Who am I supposed to be
Patrick Kane I'm on a force of nature
out there but anyway the point is let's
get a deal with the devil here so we can
actually use our coupon or maybe we
could just not be on the largest floor
on planet Earth's history you know
that's really up to the game we can make
it we can make it we made it okay so it
leaves is going down we've really slowed
down turns out our our damage is
starting to not be high enough I think
to compensate for the fact that our
shots Bend like outrageously enemies
with huge hitboxes get bodied pretty
hard but enemies that are of a standard
size are not really feeling the pain
like a dinosaur jr. song no deal
definitely not gonna fight hush let's
head down to the next floor so what am I
gonna do here I'm gonna go to this room
and I'm gonna pop the Sun no I'm not
gonna pop the sun card on this room it's
like a single target enemy it's not
worth it the best way to deal damage is
to like move as little as possible I
wish it weren't so like eagle-eyed
sherry and save tonight but it's got to
be done now I'll use it kill all the
enemies see where we're going it should
be a relatively easy finish here we got
a lot of HP we got a couple of bombs
we got the wafers so we actually have
like double the HP it looks like we have
and on top of that we actually have the
mom transformation so the worst case
scenario we should be able to walk into
Isaac and do quite a lot of damage but
I'm not overly impressed with the
quality of this run right now I'm very
happy actually I forgot we had lazar
eggs too but I'm very happy that it's
gonna be over soon and we'll be able to
move on with our lives I hope that we're
not up for the speed challenge next
there are there's one challenge we
didn't get a chance to do the first time
so that one might be up next I can't
recall actually could be a worthwhile
situation to use the the blood bank here
and try to get a blood bag but it's
probably a little too finicky not
necessary just one more room of actual
enemies so I think I oh like I got to
pour out a little of this Buckley's
right here all to the honor of getting
technology in that crawl space
which really now that I think back is
pretty unlikely to have a tough
challenge basically negated by the fact
that we picked up technology in a crawl
space that's a like low percentage play
if I've ever seen one but hey it's gonna
get the job done it's made our lives a
little bit easier than they otherwise
would be but I'm eager to kind of move
on from this point and hopefully get a
little bit more traditionally strong in
the future but hey we're two for two on
our challenge reduce here so I'm happy
with that
fell for the same trap both times this
is a Floyd Mayweather he comes at you
like this yet take your hands off your
body and all of a sudden you're taking
kidney shots from the angel fetus is
there tom ow get close see what happens
the knife is pointing out dude I'm just
gonna spin my arms like this and if you
hit me it's your fault
there's the coughing fit not quite fit
yet but we're getting there
so two for two and to my surprise 100
stories high
people get Lucille and the booty is
ready to blow suicide King has appeared
in the basement that's pretty bad but
there have been like three opportunities
in my entire Isaak career where I've
made this happen in a positive way but
either way thanks for watching her
because I've enjoyed the episode if you
did click the like button that was out a
great deal and of course subscribe if
you want to see more in the future for
now thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time